# Mapplusyou
Mapplusyou is a highly responsive HTML5 site that works on multiple screen sizes. Developed for the Google Cloud Developer challenge 2013, Mapplusyou comes handy when you are looking for Scholarship, Part-time, Full-time, Contract, Volunteer and Internship opportunities. Employers seeking competent hands as well as job seekers looking to be gainfully employed can also connect.  Since "getting a job is a job", Mapplusyou is here to do the bulk of the job for you. You can subscribe to receive opportunity notification via SMS and/or email by simply enabling it on Google calendar. Mapplusyou provides an easy way to Upload, Organize, Deliver and Manage the largest catalogue of Opportunities around the globe. Employers can easily add, edit, delete and control the look of their contents, while Job seekers can conveniently search and validate the authenticity of opportunities by connecting with Employers via their Google Plus page. You can also locate the address of the opportunity on Google Map.  On the other hand Mapplusyou allows you to share your moments at events and even get to upload short videos with the activity. You are allowed the luxury of sharing your location and traffic situation. You can also provide text description and upload videos that describe the current activity via webcam or video file. Interestingly, you can view the detail of an activity, watch activity video, share activity on (Google Plus, facebook and twitter), and also drop a comment on any activity. 
